editorial: better explain the build model (#908)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/v1.0/terminology.md

### Build model

<p align="center"><img src="build-model.svg" alt="Model Build"></p>

We model a build as running on a multi-tenant *build platform*, where each
execution is independent.

1.  A tenant invokes the build by specifying *external parameters* through an
    interface, either directly or via some trigger. Usually, at least one of
    these parameters is a reference to a dependency, as noted below.
2.  The build platform's *control plane* interprets these external parameters,
    fetches an initial set of *dependencies*, initializes a *build environment*,
    and then starts the execution within that environment.
3.  The build then performs arbitrary steps, which might include fetching

>     additional *dependencies*, and then writes one or more *output* artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    additional *dependencies*, and then produces one or more *output* artifacts.
```

>     additional *dependencies*, and then writes one or more *output* artifacts.

Author: Yeah, I wasn't sure how to handle it since all three bullets mentioned "dependency" but none really defined it. (I missed the italics on the first bullet.)

What do you think of the change I just pushed, adding a parenthetical comment to the first bullet explaining that params are literals while dependencies are artifacts, and removing italics from bullets 2 and 3?

If you like that phrasing, I could also add a legend to the diagram explaining that, but that may make it too busy.

>     additional *dependencies*, and then writes one or more *output* artifacts.

Reviewer 2: This phrasing LGTM, thanks! Shall we consider a change to the diagram in a separate PR?

    The steps within the build environment are under the tenant's control.

>     The build platform isolates between build environments to some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The build platform isolates build environments from one another to some
```

    degree (which is measured by the SLSA Build Level).
4.  Finally, for SLSA Build L2+, the control plane outputs *provenance*
    describing this whole process.

Notably, there is no formal notion of "source" in the build model, just

> parameters and dependencies. Most build platforms have an explicit "source"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
external parameters and dependencies. Most build platforms have an explicit "source"
```
should we also be more consistent in referring to parameters as "external parameters"?

> artifact to be built, which is often a git repository; in the build model, the

Reviewer: This reads as if it's the source artifact that is to be built.
```suggestion
artifact to build from, which is often a git repository; in the build model, the
```

> reference to this artifact is a parameter while the artifact itself is a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reference to this artifact is an external parameter while the artifact itself is a
```
some comment on consistency, and therefore clarity, of use of external parameter over parameter.

dependency.

> For examples on how this model applies to real-world build platforms, see [index

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
For examples of how this model applies to real-world build platforms, see [index
```
